# How Computer's work

## Introduction
- refer to : (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAx_6-wdslM&list=PLzdnOPI1iJNcsRwJhvksEo1tJqjIqWbN-&index=1)
- The most important things computers do is inputting, processing, storage, and finally the output. 
- Software controls the hradware. 

## What make's a Computer, a Computer? 
- In the past humans have alwasy wanted to make processes easier by making machines. 
- Take input, storage, process the ifno, and then generate an output. 
- There are a lot of mediums of what inout is made for example there is sound, touch, information, etc. 
- Storage and processing: processor changes the information and changes it then stores it after outputted. 
- Output: can be a way for some type of information being snet out or iterpreted by the computer. 

## Binary & Data
- Numbers can represent al types of data types from images to sound. It's all having to do with 1's and 0's. 
- Binary number system is all about positioning of each number and all data out outputs can be represented with this. 
- images and phyiscal videos have pixels that are reprsented by 1's and 0's when communicating them to an output on the display. 
- More bits with sound allow people to have better frequency. 

## Circuits and Logic
- Circuits are used for signaling circuits and give you a yes or no, on or off. 
- first and second signal are wither "or" as well as "and"
- Adders Allows two circuits to accumulate an answer. 
- Modern day circutis make billions of calculations. 

## CPU, Memory, Input & Output
- Sensors are also technically input as well. 
- Anytime you type the output gets generated by the computer almost instantly. Making thousands of calculations in moments. 
- The bigger the CPU the bigger and better the out put of infroamtion of input and output can be.

## Hardware and Software 
- Hardware is the physical material used on computers. 
- Software: all the programming that actually run through the hardware. 
- CPU receive commands to add would use the add circuit, as well as a command to save the information afterwards. 
- Looks likes english with coding languages just depends on the language. 
- Software tells what the CPU to do, to show how the 